--Opening Images--

Click the button labeled "Open" then navigate to
your image and open it. The image must be a png,
jpg, or jpeg.

--Saving Images--

If you have opened multiple images, select the image
you want to save, then click the button labeled
"Save". Navigate to the folder you would like to
save your image to, name your image, then save it.

The save button will not work if you have no open
image.

--Viewing Images--

When you add multiple images you can cycle through
them by click the tab with their respective names.

You can also see the different views for individual
images by clicking the buttons labeled "Customized",
"Original", or "Grayscale".

If you would like to remove an image you can click
the red button labeled "X" to remove it.

--Adjusting Colors--

When you have an open image you can add and
remove colors by clicking the buttons labeled
"+" or "-". Removing a color will only work
if you have more than 2 colors.

You can change a color by clicking it, this will
open a color picker where you can select a color
using a wheel and slider. Alternatively you can
choose a color by putting in a hex code. If you
want to cancel you can exit the color picker window
without applying the change. If you want to save
the color you must click the button labeled "Apply".

--Adjusting Grayscale--

In order to adjust the grayscale break (The boundary
between the colors) you must adjust the slider under
the color buttons. If you want to switch which
boundary you are adjusting you can click the button
between the color buttons.

If you're unable to move the slider it may be because
it is blocked by another slider. The sliders are unable
to overlap with one another so you must first adjust
the other sliders.

--Saving Presets--

If you would like to save the current colors and
grayscale breaks as a preset for future use you can do
so by clicking the button labeled "Save Preset". You
will then be prompted to enter a name for the preset
that you can then save by clicking the button labeled
"Ok". You can also cancel by clicking the button labeled
"Cancel" or exiting the "Save Preset" prompt.

--Loading Presets--

If you would like to load a previously saved preset you
can do so by clicking the button labeled "Load Preset".
You will then be prompted to select the preset that you
want to load. To delete a preset, you can click the
red button labeled "X" next to the preset you would
like to delete. You can also cancel by exiting the
"Presets" prompt.